The jump ends and I can see the nearby galaxy in all its splendor, but before
can fully take it in the alarm starts ringing. The control center is few rooms
away and I start jumping from wall to wall to get there and see what the
problem is.  The room is bathed in an intense blue light that was not visible
from the other room, it comes from the blue super giant in the center of the
planetary system. I have to use the vocal control to dim the light because
blinded I am not able to do it manually.

The screen indicates an energy leak due to a blasted conductor in corridor 4.
My exoskeleton should be able to handle the resulting hazard but I will need to
find my helmet to be fully protected. I left in my room, thankfully I designed
the ship with a lot of redundancy between rooms. As I pass by the corridor I
see that the ship system automatically sealed it and I know that it is draining
the oxygen to asphyxiate the fire that started. I have got my helmet, I need my
tools.

I find them in the cargo bay, I need to be quick. My intent is to stop the leak
as soon as possible and then replace what need to be replaced. I glide to the
entrance of the corridor enter the air lock, and proceed to the corridor. The
fire is extinguished now, I can see the conductor glowing white because of its
heat. I look for the extremities of the failing conductor, and find the
associated circuit breakers and use them the stop the leak. The conductor
starts to cool down visibly, and the heat decreases. Once the ship register
a safe temperature it refills the room with breathable atmosphere. The crisis is
solved but if left intact

